docs: announce 1.25.0 (#248)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg.github.io: content/releases/cloudnative-pg-1-25.0-released/index.md

---
title: "CloudNativePG 1.25.0 and 1.24.2 Released!"
date: 2024-12-23
draft: false
author: gbartolini
image:
    url: 58364dde1adc4a0a8.37186404-2048x1445.jpg
    attribution: from <a href="https://wordpress.org/photos/photo/58364dde1a/">Saurabh</a>
tags:
 - release
 - postgresql
 - postgres
 - kubernetes
 - k8s
 - cloudnativepg
 - preview
 - cnpg
summary: The CloudNativePG community is thrilled to unveil the release of version 1.25.0, packed with exciting new features, along with the maintenance update 1.24.2 for the 1.24.x series.
---

The **CloudNativePG Community** is delighted to announce the release of
**CloudNativePG Operator** versions **1.25.0** and **1.24.2**!

Additionally, we have released **1.23.6** as the final patch for the

> now-unsupported 1.23.x series to ensure a smooth transition for remaining
> users.

Reviewer: "remaining users" looks a bit negative IMO, like people are leaving the platform.
How about

```suggestion
now-unsupported 1.23.x series to ensure a smooth transition for users
still using 1.23 or older releases.
```
